docs: Add porting guide for PSA targets (#1342)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/porting/security/psa_targets_in_mbed-os.md

            "ARMCLANG",
            "GNUARM"
        ],
        "tfm_delivery_dir": "TARGET_ARM_SSG/TARGET_MUSCA_A1"
    }
```

Please note the config options `macros_add`, `extra_labels_add` and `device_has_remove`. To add or remove `macros`, `extra_labels` or target capabilities, a PSA target definition must use
[macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_add` or [macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_remove` (not `macros`, `extra_labels` or `device_has`).

To add or remove a feature, use `feature_`[add/remove].

By default, a TF-M build generates a `bin` file. If the target requires a `hex` file, you need to add the attribute `"TFM_OUTPUT_EXT": "hex"` to the target definition. The build script will convert `bin` to `hex`, then copy the `hex` to `tfm_delivery_dir`. You must also update `secure_image_filename` to match the new file extension.

If an Armv8-M PSA target cannot inherit from `PSA_V8_M` because it has to inherit from one of its family targets, you must add the following attributes:

```json
        "features_add": [
            "PSA"
        ],
        "extra_labels_add": [
            "TFM",
            "TFM_V8M"
        ]
```

## Enabling PSA at application level

> Having an entropy source is crucial for Mbed TLS and Mbed Crypto. The [entropy source porting document](../porting/entropy-sources.html) discusses why and how to add an entropy source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having an entropy source is crucial for Mbed TLS and PSA. The [entropy source porting document](../porting/entropy-sources.html) discusses why and how to add an entropy source.
```

> If your target doesn't have a True Random Number Generator (TRNG), configure it as a non-PSA target in `targets/targets.json`. In this scenario, if an application wants to use the target as a PAS target, then it is the application's responsibility to provide an entropy source and mark that target as a PSA target at the application level. To enable PSA for a target from an application, use the config option [target_overrides](,,/reference/configuration.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your target doesn't have a True Random Number Generator (TRNG), configure it as a non-PSA target in `targets/targets.json`. In this scenario, if an application wants to use the target as a PSA target, then it is the application's responsibility to provide an entropy source and mark that target as a PSA target at the application level. To enable PSA for a target from an application, use the config option [target_overrides](,,/reference/configuration.html).
```

    - `RUN_REGRESSION_TESTS` to `0`.
1. Run:

    ```
    python3 build_psa_compliance.py -m <new target> -t <toolchain> -s CRYPTO
    ```

    The command builds PSA API compliance tests for the crypto suite.
1. Run:

   ```
   python3 build_tfm.py -m <new target> -t <toolchain> -c configs/ConfigPsaApiTestIPC.cmake -s CRYPTO
   ```

   The command builds TF-M including PSA API compliance tests.
1. To build Mbed OS and run PSA API compliance tests, run:

    ```
    mbed compile -m <new target> -t <toolchain>
    ```
1. Flash the PSA API compliance tests binary to the target and ensure all PSA API compliance tests pass.

    <span class="notes">**Note:** Any PSA API compliance tests that fail in the TF-M example application will fail in Mbed OS as well.</span>

### Building TF-M and creating an Mbed OS pull request

<span class="notes">**Note:** Please ensure that both regression tests and PSA API compliance tests pass before creating an Mbed OS pull request.</span>

To build TF-M and create an Mbed OS pull request:

1. Switch to the `mbed-os-tf-m-regression-tests` directory.
1. Run:

    ```
    python3 build_tfm.py -m <new target> -t <toolchain> --commit
    ```

>     The command builds TF-M with the config `ConfigCoreIPC.cmake` ,copies the TF-M binary to the location defined by the target attribute `tfm_delivery_dir`, and commits the changes to Mbed OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The command builds TF-M with the config `ConfigCoreIPC.cmake`, copies the TF-M binary to the location defined by the target attribute `tfm_delivery_dir`, and commits the changes to Mbed OS.
```

# Porting PSA targets

> This document describes the process of adding new PSA targets to Mbed OS, focusing on target configurations, build and validation. Mbed OS relies on [TF-M](https://git.trustedfirmware.org/trusted-firmware-m.git/tree/) for PSA Services and SPM, so the PSA target you are adding to Mbed OS **must** already be supported by TF-M.

Reviewer 2: We wouldn't expect readers to know what SPM is. Instead of "PSA Services and SPM", could we instead say "for its implementation of PSA"?

Reviewer: This is because the glossary is after the first paragraph; Dev originally put it before the content, but I found it distracting.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to explain SPM either. That's an unnecessary detail for porting targets and we don't need to mention SPM here or in any glossary.

Author: fixed

## Glossary

- **NSPE:** Non-Secure Processing Environment.
- **PSA:** Platform Security Architecture.
- **SPE:** Secure Processing Environment.
- **SPM:** Secure Partition Manager.
- **TF-M:** Trusted Firmware M (for M-class devices).

## Adding new PSA targets

To help create PSA targets, we have added a few generic targets to `targets/targets.json`:

* `PSA_Target`: Root level PSA target.
* `PSA_V7_M`: Single v7-M generic PSA target, which doesn't employ hardware isolation between the NSPE and the SPE. PSA secure service emulation enables PSA API compatibility.
* `PSA_DUAL_CORE`: Dual-core generic PSA target. A dual-core PSA target has at least two cores that are either Armv7-M or Armv6-M. One core will be used for the SPE and another for the NSPE. Hardware isolation between the cores enables PSA compliance. On dual-core targets, TF-M
runs on the SPE and provides PSA services, and Mbed OS runs on the NSPE.
* `PSA_V8_M`: Armv8-M generic PSA target, which employs hardware to isolate the NSPE from the SPE. TF-M runs on the SPE and provides PSA services, and Mbed OS runs on the NSPE.

> <!--there are two ways of describing things in this list: chip-generic-psa and chip-psa-generic. Is that on purpose?-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```json
        "features_add": [
            "PSA"
        ],
        "extra_labels_add": [
            "MBED_PSA_SRV"
        ]
```

### Adding dual-core PSA targets

A target can be categorized as a dual-core target if it has at least two cores that are either Armv7-M or Armv6-M. On dual-core PSA targets, TF-M runs on the SPE and provides PSA services.

An Mbed OS (NSPE) target must contain the following attributes (in addition to other target attributes defined in [porting a custom board](../porting/porting-a-custom-board.html) and [porting targets](../porting/porting-targets.html)):

* `inherits`: PSA generic target `PSA_DUAL_CORE`, unless the target has to inherit
  from one of its family targets.
* `tfm_target_name`: Target name in TF-M.
* `tfm_bootloader_supported`: If TF-M bootloader is supported by the target.

    The supported values are `true` and `false`.
* `tfm_supported_toolchains`: Supported TF-M toolchains.

    The supported values are `ARMCLANG` and `GNUARM`.
* `tfm_default_toolchain`: Default TF-M toolchain.

    The supported values are `ARMCLANG` and `GNUARM`.
* `tfm_delivery_dir`: The directory to which TF-M binaries will be copied.

> * `TFM_OUTPUT_EXT`: Optional attribute that indicates the output extension of the TF-M secure binary.<!--how come only this one is all caps?-->

Reviewer 2: Do we want to remove the `<!--how come only this one is all caps?-->` or other `<!--` text from the markdown for resolved issues?

Reviewer: Yes, though if we miss one it's not the end of the world as it doesn't get rendered.

> * `TFM_OUTPUT_EXT`: Optional attribute that indicates the output extension of the TF-M secure binary.<!--how come only this one is all caps?-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `TFM_OUTPUT_EXT`: Optional attribute that indicates the output extension of the TF-M secure binary.
```

        "post_binary_hook": {
            "function": "PSOC6Code.sign_image"
        },
        "forced_reset_timeout": 5,
        "overrides": {
            "network-default-interface-type": "WIFI"
        },
        "program_cycle_s": 10,
        "tfm_target_name": "psoc64",
        "tfm_bootloader_supported": false,
        "tfm_default_toolchain": "GNUARM",
        "tfm_supported_toolchains": [
            "GNUARM"
        ],
        "tfm_delivery_dir": "TARGET_Cypress/TARGET_PSOC6/TARGET_CY8CKIT_064S2_4343W",
        "TFM_OUTPUT_EXT": "hex"
    }
```

Please note the config options `macros_add`, `extra_labels_add` and `device_has_remove`. To add or remove `macros`, `extra_labels` or target capabilities, a PSA target definition must use
[macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_add` or [macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_remove` (not `macros`, `extra_labels` or `device_has`).

To add or remove a feature, use `feature_`[add/remove].

By default, a TF-M build generates a `bin` file. If the target requires a `hex` file, you need to add the attribute `"TFM_OUTPUT_EXT": "hex"` to the target definition. The build script will convert `bin` to `hex`, then copy the `hex` to `tfm_delivery_dir`.

> This dual-core PSA target doesn't inherit from `PSA_DUAL_CORE` because it has to inherit from one of its family targets<!--I'm still not sure why I have to inherit from a family target-->. Hence, we have added additional attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dual-core PSA target doesn't inherit from `PSA_DUAL_CORE` because it has to inherit from one of its family targets. Hence, we have added additional attributes:
```

            "ARMCLANG",
            "GNUARM"
        ],
        "tfm_delivery_dir": "TARGET_ARM_SSG/TARGET_MUSCA_A1"
    }
```

Please note the config options `macros_add`, `extra_labels_add` and `device_has_remove`. To add or remove `macros`, `extra_labels` or target capabilities, a PSA target definition must use
[macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_add` or [macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_remove` (not `macros`, `extra_labels` or `device_has`).

To add or remove a feature, use `feature_`[add/remove].

By default, a TF-M build generates a `bin` file. If the target requires a `hex` file, you need to add the attribute `"TFM_OUTPUT_EXT": "hex"` to the target definition. The build script will convert `bin` to `hex`, then copy the `hex` to `tfm_delivery_dir`. You must also update `secure_image_filename` to match the new file extension.

If an Armv8-M PSA target cannot inherit from `PSA_V8_M` because it has to inherit from one of its family targets, you must add the following attributes:

```json
        "features_add": [
            "PSA"
        ],
        "extra_labels_add": [
            "TFM",
            "TFM_V8M"
        ]
```

## Enabling PSA at application level

> Having an entropy source is crucial for Mbed TLS and Mbed Crypto. The [entropy source porting document](../porting/entropy-sources.html) discusses why and how to add an entropy source.

Reviewer 2: Replace "Mbed Crypto" with "PSA". "Mbed Crypto" doesn't exist anymore (was rolled back into Mbed TLS).

Author: fixed

> If your target doesn't have a True Random Number Generator (TRNG), configure it as a non-PSA target in `targets/targets.json`. In this scenario, if an application wants to use the target as a PAS target, then it is the application's responsibility to provide an entropy source and mark that target as a PSA target at the application level. To enable PSA for a target from an application, use the config option [target_overrides](,,/reference/configuration.html).

Reviewer 2: Change "PAS target" to "PSA target"

Author: fixed

1. Run:

    ```
    mbed deploy
    ```

1. Run:

    ```
    python3 build_tfm.py -m <new target> -t <toolchain> -c ConfigRegressionIPC.cmake
    ```

    The command builds a TF-M binary the service necessary to run regression tests.

    <span class="notes">**Note:** Use this `ConfigRegressionIPC.cmake` only to run regression tests. The secure binary copied to Mbed OS (when you are ready to merge your new target) must be generated using the config option `ConfigCoreIPC.cmake`.</span>

1. Ensure the TF-M binary was copied to the location defined by the target attribute `tfm_delivery_dir`. If no binary was created or copied, please raise an [issue on the Mbed OS repository](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os).

1. To build Mbed OS and run regression tests, run:

    ```
    mbed compile -m <new target> -t <toolchain>
    ```
1. Flash the regression tests binary to the target and ensure all regression tests pass.

### Building TF-M and running PSA compliance tests

To build TF-M and compliance tests:

1. Switch to the `mbed-os-tf-m-regression-tests` directory.
1. Edit `main.cpp` and set:

    - `RUN_PSA_COMPLIANCE_TESTS` to `1`.

>     - `RUN_REGRESSION_TESTS` to `0`.

Reviewer 2: This isn't how to select the tests anymore. We can use mbed_app.json.

Author: fixed

1. Run:

    ```
    python3 build_psa_compliance.py -m <new target> -t <toolchain> -s CRYPTO
    ```

    The command builds PSA API compliance tests for the crypto suite.
1. Run:

   ```
   python3 build_tfm.py -m <new target> -t <toolchain> -c configs/ConfigPsaApiTestIPC.cmake -s CRYPTO
   ```

   The command builds TF-M including PSA API compliance tests.
1. To build Mbed OS and run PSA API compliance tests, run:

    ```
    mbed compile -m <new target> -t <toolchain>
    ```
1. Flash the PSA API compliance tests binary to the target and ensure all PSA API compliance tests pass.

    <span class="notes">**Note:** Any PSA API compliance tests that fail in the TF-M example application will fail in Mbed OS as well.</span>

### Building TF-M and creating an Mbed OS pull request

<span class="notes">**Note:** Please ensure that both regression tests and PSA API compliance tests pass before creating an Mbed OS pull request.</span>

To build TF-M and create an Mbed OS pull request:

1. Switch to the `mbed-os-tf-m-regression-tests` directory.
1. Run:

    ```
    python3 build_tfm.py -m <new target> -t <toolchain> --commit
    ```

>     The command builds TF-M with the config `ConfigCoreIPC.cmake` ,copies the TF-M binary to the location defined by the target attribute `tfm_delivery_dir`, and commits the changes to Mbed OS.

Reviewer 2: Should we make this change? or is the space where it is because of the particular markdown tool we are using?
```diff
- the config `ConfigCoreIPC.cmake` ,copies the
+ the config `ConfigCoreIPC.cmake`, copies the
```

Reviewer: It's just a typo

Author: fixed

* `PSA_V7_M`: Single v7-M PSA generic target, which doesn't employ hardware isolation between the NSPE and the SPE. PSA secure service emulation enables PSA API compatibility.
* `PSA_DUAL_CORE`: Dual-core PSA generic target. A dual-core PSA target has at least two cores that are either Armv7-M or Armv6-M. One core will be used for the SPE and another for the NSPE. Hardware isolation between the cores enables PSA compliance. On dual-core targets, TF-M
runs on the SPE and provides PSA services, and Mbed OS runs on the NSPE.
* `PSA_V8_M`: Armv8-M generic PSA target, which employs hardware to isolate the NSPE from the SPE. TF-M runs on the SPE and provides PSA services, and Mbed OS runs on the NSPE.
<!--there are two ways of describing things in this list: chip-generic-psa and chip-psa-generic. Is that on purpose?-->

### NSPE generic targets

SPE binaries are generated by TF-M build tools, not Mbed-OS build tools. Therefore, when adding a new PSA target to Mbed OS, you don't need to define an SPE target; it's enough to define an NSPE target. Therefore, for dual-core (`PSA_DUAL_CORE`) and Armv8-M (`PSA_V8_M`), we have defined only PSA NSPE generic targets.

### Inheritance

> The Mbed OS build tools have limited support for multiple inheritance. Because of this, a PSA target must inherit from the generic PSA target corresponding to the new target's architecture. The only exception is when the PSA target has to inherit from one of its family targets (one of `PSA_V7_M`, `PSA_DUAL_CORE` and `PSA_V8_M`) instead of the generic target. We cover exception cases in each target section in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mbed OS build tools have limited support for multiple inheritance. Because of this, a PSA target must inherit from the generic PSA target corresponding to the new target's architecture *or* from one of its family targets (one of `PSA_V7_M`, `PSA_DUAL_CORE` and `PSA_V8_M`), but cannot inherit from both the generic and family targets at once. We cover family inheritance cases in each target section in this document.
```

Reviewer: @devran01 how's that?

Author: @iriark01 Much better. One change though,
``` Because of this, a PSA target must inherit from the generic PSA target corresponding to the new target's architecture (one of `PSA_V7_M`, `PSA_DUAL_CORE` and `PSA_V8_M`) *or* from one of its family targets, but cannot inherit from both the generic and family targets at once.```
If you are happy with this then I'll update it.

Reviewer: Ah, I didn't realise I had those target names switched! Sure, go ahead. Thanks.

Author: Fixed.

> # PSA targets in Mbed OS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Porting PSA targets
```

## Glossary

- **NSPE:** Non-Secure Processing Environment.
- **PSA:** Platform Security Architecture.
- **SPE:** Secure Processing Environment.
- **SPM:** Secure Partition Manager.
- **TF-M:** Trusted Firmware M (for M-class devices).

## Adding new PSA targets

To help create PSA targets, we have added a few generic targets to `targets/targets.json`:

* `PSA_Target`: Root level PSA target.
* `PSA_V7_M`: Single v7-M PSA generic target, which doesn't employ hardware isolation between the NSPE and the SPE. PSA secure service emulation enables PSA API compatibility.
* `PSA_DUAL_CORE`: Dual-core PSA generic target. A dual-core PSA target has at least two cores that are either Armv7-M or Armv6-M. One core will be used for the SPE and another for the NSPE. Hardware isolation between the cores enables PSA compliance. On dual-core targets, TF-M
runs on the SPE and provides PSA services, and Mbed OS runs on the NSPE.
* `PSA_V8_M`: Armv8-M generic PSA target, which employs hardware to isolate the NSPE from the SPE. TF-M runs on the SPE and provides PSA services, and Mbed OS runs on the NSPE.

> <!--there are two ways of describing things in this list: chip-generic-psa and chip-psa-generic. Is that on purpose?-->

Author: Can you elaborate bit more on this? The list defines new PSA targets categorised based on the version of Arm architecture it supports.

Reviewer: I meant that you describe them in two different orders, and I wondered if they should be consistent

Reviewer 3: Irit: I meant that you describe them in two different orders, and I wondered if they should be consistent

Author: @iriark01 Hardware isolation is the differentiating factor, all three targets cover that, but `PSA_DUAL_CORE` needs explanation on the hardware setup. Hence the preamble. I can't think of other way to describe it. Any input is welcome :)

Reviewer: I mean specifically the text of `PSA generic target` v `generic PSA target`

Author: Ah totally missed that. It should be `generic PSA target`. I'll fix it. :)

Author: Fixed.

### NSPE generic targets

SPE binaries are generated by TF-M build tools, not Mbed-OS build tools. Therefore, when adding a new PSA target to Mbed OS, you don't need to define an SPE target; it's enough to define an NSPE target. Therefore, for dual-core (`PSA_DUAL_CORE`) and Armv8-M (`PSA_V8_M`), we have defined only PSA NSPE generic targets.

### Inheritance

> The Mbed OS build tools have limited support for multiple inheritance. Because of this, a PSA target must inherit from the generic PSA target corresponding to the new target's architecture. The only exception is when the PSA target has to inherit from one of its family targets instead of the generic target `Target`<!--should that be `psa_target`? If so, that should be in the first sentence, not here-->.<!--when does this exception happen?--> We cover exception cases in each target section in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mbed OS build tools have limited support for multiple inheritance. Because of this, a PSA target must inherit from the generic PSA target corresponding to the new target's architecture. The only exception is when the PSA target has to inherit from one of its family targets (one of `PSA_V7_M`, `PSA_DUAL_CORE` and `PSA_V8_M`) instead of the generic target. We cover exception cases in each target section in this document.
```

            "PWMOUT",
            "RESET_REASON",
            "SERIAL",
            "SERIAL_FC",
            "SERIAL_ASYNCH",
            "SLEEP",
            "SPI",
            "SPI_ASYNCH",
            "SPISLAVE",
            "STDIO_MESSAGES",
            "TRNG",
            "FLASH",
            "USBDEVICE",
            "WATCHDOG"
        ],
        "release_versions": [
            "2",
            "5"
        ],
        "device_name": "MK64FN1M0xxx12",
        "bootloader_supported": true,
        "overrides": {
            "network-default-interface-type": "ETHERNET"
        },
        "supported_c_libs": {
            "arm": [
                "std",
                "small"
            ],
            "gcc_arm": [
                "std",
                "small"
            ],
            "iar": [
                "std"
            ]
        }
    }
```

Note the config options `macros_add`, `extra_labels_add` and `device_has_add`. To add or remove `macros`, `extra_labels` or target capabilities, a PSA target definition **must** use [macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_add` or [macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_remove` (not `macros`, `extra_labels` or `device_has`).

> 

Author: You moved the links from macros , extra_labels , device_has  and Features  to a new section. Wouldn’t it be easier for the user, if those would have been hyperlinks rather than links in a different section?

Reviewer: But we had it three or four times in the docs. That can make people try to figure out whether there's a difference between those times, which is a waste of effort, or - worse - can make them skim the end of each section on the assumption that more of it repeats.

Reviewer 3: Irit: But we had it three or four times in the docs. That can make people try ti figure out whether there's a different between those times, which is a waste of effort, or - worse - can make them skim the end of each section on the assumption that more of it repeats

Author: @iriark01 Agreed, that makes sense.

            "MBED_PSA_SRV"
        ],
        "macros_add": [
            "MBEDTLS_PSA_HAS_ITS_IO",
            "MBEDTLS_USE_PSA_CRYPTO"
        ]
```

### Adding dual-core PSA targets

A target can be categorized as a dual-core target if it has at least two cores that are either Armv7-M or Armv6-M. On dual-core PSA targets, TF-M runs on the SPE and provides PSA services.

An Mbed OS (NSPE) target must contain the following attributes (in addition to other target attributes defined in [porting a custom board](../porting/porting-a-custom-board.html) and [porting targets](../porting/porting-targets.html)):

* `inherits`: PSA generic target `PSA_DUAL_CORE`, unless the target has to inherit
  from one of its family targets.
* `tfm_target_name`: Target name in TF-M.
* `tfm_bootloader_supported`: If TF-M bootloader is supported by the target.

    The supported values are `true` and `false`.
* `tfm_supported_toolchains`: Supported TF-M toolchains.

    The supported values are `ARMCLANG` and `GNUARM`.
* `tfm_default_toolchain`: Default TF-M toolchain.

    The supported values are `ARMCLANG` and `GNUARM`.
* `tfm_delivery_dir`: The directory to which TF-M binaries will be copied.

> * `TFM_OUTPUT_EXT`: Optional attribute that indicates the output extension of the TF-M secure binary.<!--how come only this one is all caps?-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tfm_output_ext`: Optional attribute that indicates the output extension of the TF-M secure binary.
```

Author: Unfortunately, we can't change it here. The code contains capitalised text.

            "CYB0644ABZI_S2D44",
            "CYBSP_WIFI_CAPABLE",
            "TFM_MULTI_CORE_MULTI_CLIENT_CALL=1",
            "MBEDTLS_PSA_HAS_ITS_IO",
            "MBEDTLS_USE_PSA_CRYPTO"
        ],
        "detect_code": [
            "190A"
        ],
        "post_binary_hook": {
            "function": "PSOC6Code.sign_image"
        },
        "forced_reset_timeout": 5,
        "overrides": {
            "network-default-interface-type": "WIFI"
        },
        "program_cycle_s": 10,
        "tfm_target_name": "psoc64",
        "tfm_bootloader_supported": false,
        "tfm_default_toolchain": "GNUARM",
        "tfm_supported_toolchains": [
            "GNUARM"
        ],
        "tfm_delivery_dir": "TARGET_Cypress/TARGET_PSOC6/TARGET_CY8CKIT_064S2_4343W",
        "TFM_OUTPUT_EXT": "hex"
    }
```

Please note the config options `macros_add`, `extra_labels_add` and `device_has_remove`. To add or remove `macros`, `extra_labels` or target capabilities, a PSA target definition must use
[macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_add` or [macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_remove` (not `macros`, `extra_labels` or `device_has`).

To add or remove a feature, use `feature_`[add/remove].

> By default, a TF-M build generates a `bin` file. If the target requires a `hex` file, you need to add the attribute `"TFM_OUTPUT_EXT": "hex"` to the target definition. The build script will convert `bin` to `hex`, then copy the `hex` to `tfm_delivery_dir`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a TF-M build generates a `bin` file. If the target requires a `hex` file, you need to add the attribute `"tfm_output_ext": "hex"` to the target definition. The build script will convert `bin` to `hex`, then copy the `hex` to `tfm_delivery_dir`.
```

Reviewer: Ah, I misunderstood you - I thought you meant it was an error in the docs, not the code ;)

Author: Unfortunately, we can't change it here. The code contains capitalised text.

> This dual-core PSA target doesn't inherit from `PSA_DUAL_CORE` because it has to inherit from one of its family targets<!--I'm still not sure why I have to inherit from a family target-->. Hence, we have added additional attributes:

Reviewer: I still want to understand under what circumstances a target has to inherit from its family. Why exactly does it happen.

Author: @iriark01 Mbed OS config system supports inheritance. The idea behind the concept is that, target configs can be defined for a parent target (MCU family: example - https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/targets/targets.json#L6712 and https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/targets/targets.json#L6776). This allows child targets config to be minimal and avoids duplication (target board: example - https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/targets/targets.json#L6913). When this happens, the child target cannot inherit from PSA generic target because of limitations of Mbed OS build tools.

Reviewer: So is the constraint that it can't inherit from both at once?

Author: Yeah, multiple inheritance support is very limited.

Reviewer: Okay, I added an attempt at clarification for line 32

            "PSA"
        ],
        "extra_labels_add": [
            "TFM",
            "TFM_DUALCPU"
        ],
        "macros_add": [
            "MBEDTLS_PSA_HAS_ITS_IO",
            "MBEDTLS_USE_PSA_CRYPTO"
        ]
```

If a dual-core PSA target can inherit from `PSA_DUAL_CORE`, then there is no need to add these additional attributes.

### Adding Armv8-M PSA targets

An Mbed OS (NSPE) target must contain the following attributes (in addition to other target attributes defined in [porting a custom board](../porting/porting-a-custom-board.html)
and [porting targets](../porting/porting-targets.html)):

* `inherits`: PSA generic target `PSA_V8_M`, unless the target has to inherit from
  one of its family targets.
* `tfm_target_name`: Target name in TF-M.
* `tfm_bootloader_supported`: If TF-M bootloader is supported by the target.

    The supported values are `true` and `false`.
* `tfm_supported_toolchains`: Supported TF-M toolchains.

    The supported values are `ARMCLANG` and `GNUARM`.
* `tfm_default_toolchain`: Default TF-M toolchain.

     The supported values are `ARMCLANG` and `GNUARM`.

* `tfm_delivery_dir`: The directory to which TF-M binary will be copied.

> * `TFM_OUTPUT_EXT`: Optional attribute that indicates the output extension of the TF-M secure binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tfm_output_ext`: Optional attribute that indicates the output extension of the TF-M secure binary.
```

Author: Unfortunately, we can't change it here. The code contains capitalised text.

            "SLEEP",
            "USTICKER"
        ],
        "macros_add": [
            "__STARTUP_CLEAR_BSS",
            "MBED_FAULT_HANDLER_DISABLED",
            "CMSIS_NVIC_VIRTUAL",
            "LPTICKER_DELAY_TICKS=1",
            "MBED_MPU_CUSTOM"
        ],
        "extra_labels_add": [
            "ARM_SSG",
            "MUSCA_A1",
            "MUSCA_A1_NS"
        ],
        "post_binary_hook": {
            "function": "ArmMuscaA1Code.binary_hook"
        },
        "secure_image_filename": "tfm_s.bin",
        "tfm_target_name": "MUSCA_A",
        "tfm_bootloader_supported": true,
        "tfm_default_toolchain": "ARMCLANG",
        "tfm_supported_toolchains": [
            "ARMCLANG",
            "GNUARM"
        ],
        "tfm_delivery_dir": "TARGET_ARM_SSG/TARGET_MUSCA_A1"
    }
```

Please note the config options `macros_add`, `extra_labels_add` and `device_has_remove`. To add or remove `macros`, `extra_labels` or target capabilities, a PSA target definition must use
[macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_add` or [macros/extra_labels/device_has]`_remove` (not `macros`, `extra_labels` or `device_has`).

To add or remove a feature, use `feature_`[add/remove].

> By default, a TF-M build generates a `bin` file. If the target requires a `hex` file, you need to add the attribute `"TFM_OUTPUT_EXT": "hex"` to the target definition. The build script will convert `bin` to `hex`, then copy the `hex` to `tfm_delivery_dir`. You must also update `secure_image_filename` to match the new file extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a TF-M build generates a `bin` file. If the target requires a `hex` file, you need to add the attribute `"tfm_output_ext": "hex"` to the target definition. The build script will convert `bin` to `hex`, then copy the `hex` to `tfm_delivery_dir`. You must also update `secure_image_filename` to match the new file extension.
```

Author: Unfortunately, we can't change it here. The code contains capitalised text.

```json
        "features_add": [
            "PSA"
        ],
        "extra_labels_add": [
            "TFM",
            "TFM_V8M"
        ],
        "macros_add": [
            "MBEDTLS_PSA_HAS_ITS_IO",
            "MBEDTLS_USE_PSA_CRYPTO"
        ]
```

## Enabling PSA at application level

Having an entropy source is crucial for Mbed TLS and Mbed Crypto. The [entropy source porting document](../porting/entropy-sources.html) discusses why and how to add an entropy source.

If your target doesn't have a True Random Number Generator (TRNG), configure it as a non-PSA target in `targets/targets.json`. In this scenario, if an application wants to use the target as a PAS target, then it is the application's responsibility to provide an entropy source and mark that target as a PSA target at the application level. To enable PSA for a target from an application, use the config option [target_overrides](,,/reference/configuration.html).

An example of `mbed_app.json`:

```json
"target_overrides": {
    "K64F": {
        "inherits": ["PSA_V7_M"]
    }
}
```

## Build and validation

> For dual-core and Armv8-M PSA targets, TF-M runs on the SPE and provides PSA services<!--I feel like we've said this at least twice already-->. The Python script `build_tfm.py` automates building TF-M and copying the TF-M binary to the location defined by the target attribute `tfm_delivery_dir`. Another Python script, `build_psa_compliance.py`, automates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python script `build_tfm.py` automates building TF-M and copying the TF-M binary to the location defined by the target attribute `tfm_delivery_dir`. Another Python script, `build_psa_compliance.py`, automates
```

Reviewer 3: sure, it’s just a pre-text to define (again) SPE and NSPE and then say how to build SPE. Can be removed.

building PSA API compliance tests.

The [mbed-os-tf-m-regression-tests repository](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-tf-m-regression-tests) contains build scripts, TF-M regression tests and PSA API compliance tests.

### Building TF-M and running regression tests

To build TF-M and regression tests:

1. Clone the [mbed-os-tf-m-regression-tests](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-tf-m-regression-tests) repository.

> 1. Update `mbed-os.lib` to the version<!--version or *location*? I assume you mean their local copy, basically--> of Mbed OS that contains new target support, including the `targets.json` changes described in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update `mbed-os.lib` to the copy of Mbed OS that contains new target support, including the `targets.json` changes described in this document.
```

1. Run:

    ```
    mbed deploy
    ```

1. Run:

    ```
    python3 build_tfm.py -m <new target> -t <toolchain> -c ConfigRegressionIPC.cmake
    ```

    The command builds a TF-M binary the service necessary to run regression tests.

    <span class="notes">**Note:** Use this `ConfigRegressionIPC.cmake` only to run regression tests. The secure binary copied to Mbed OS (when you are ready to merge your new target) must be generated using the config option `ConfigCoreIPC.cmake`.</span>

> 1. Ensure the TF-M binary was copied to the location defined by the target attribute `tfm_delivery_dir`.<!--this is assuming we really generated a binary in the previous step - I was making an assumption-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure the TF-M binary was copied to the location defined by the target attribute `tfm_delivery_dir`. If no binary was created or copied, please raise an [issue on the Mbed OS repository](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os).
```

  -r RANGE, --range RANGE
                        Test suite range (default : all tests), Format :
                        'test_start_number;test_end_number'
  -i INCLUDE, --include INCLUDE
                        Test include path, Format :
                        <include_path1>;<include_path2>;...;<include_pathn>
```

### Building TF-M and creating an Mbed OS pull request

<span class="notes">**Note:** Please ensure that both regression tests and PSA API compliance tests pass before creating an Mbed OS pull request.</span>

To build TF-M and create an Mbed OS pull request:

1. Switch to the `mbed-os-tf-m-regression-tests` directory.
1. Run:

    ```
    python3 build_tfm.py -m <new target> -t <toolchain> --commit
    ```

    The command builds TF-M with the config `ConfigCoreIPC.cmake` ,copies the TF-M binary to the location defined by the target attribute `tfm_delivery_dir`, and commits the changes to Mbed OS.
1. Switch to the `mbed-os` directory and check the latest commit.

   If everything looks good, push the changes to your fork of Mbed OS.
1. Create an Mbed OS pull request against [https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os).

>    <!--should we include a link to anything in the contributing guide, or does that not matter within the context of the porting guide?-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="tips">**Tip:** See the [contributing guide](../contributing/index.html) for more information about pull requests.</span>
```

**Tip:** When you run the Python script `build_tfm.py` without any options, TF-M is built for all supported targets and the secure binary (TF-M) for each target is copied to the location defined by the target attribute `tfm_delivery_dir`. When you use the `--commit` option, a new Mbed OS commit is created with the new or modified TF-M binaries and `features/FEATURE_PSA/TARGET_TFM/VERSION.txt`.

> Example:<!--isn't both the example and the text above it really just part of step 2 above?-->

Reviewer: I think the explanation should be in step 2 or before it, not after. And the example should be removed or be before the one with -m and -t. Otherwise this can confuse users - it's two takes on a topic

Reviewer: @devran01 this for some reason isn't showing up in the text review, but still needs a decision

Author: @iriark01 It's already fixed. Sorry I forgot to comment :)

Author: @iriark01 missed the example. I'm happy to remove it.

Author: Removed the example.

> Example:<!--isn't both the example and the text above it really just part of step 2 above?-->

Reviewer 3: I think the explanation should be in step 2 or before it, not after. And the example should be removed or be before the one with -m and -t. Otherwise this can confuse users - it's two takes on a topic
